# Mortar JS
Mortar JS is an opensource framework built with [React](https://facebook.github.io/react/) that aims to make interacting and updating data quick, easy, and powerful.  It can best be described as an Admin UI, allowing developers to quickly build sites to interface with an API, allowing users to safely interface with data, without accessing the database directly.

Mortar is made of multiple *Bricks* (components) that work together to display and edit data.  Tables, modal windows, buttons, form inputs and more are all included.  Checkout the [demo](#demo) to see what's included!

# Table of Contents
1. [Getting Started](#getting-started)
2. [Documentation](#documentation)
3. [Demo](#demo)
4. [Contributing](#contributing)
5. [Users](#users)


## Getting Started
Mortar is very easy to plug and play.

### Automated Installation
The easiest way to get started is using the [Mortar Yeoman Generator]() that we've created.  Simply `npm install -g generator-mortar` then run `yo mortar` to get up and running in no time.

### Manual Installation
If you like to have more manual control, you can `npm install mortarjs`.  It will require a little customization to get the framework bootstrapped, but <DOCUMENT IT HERE>.

## Documentation
Local documentation can be generated by running `npm run document` in the Mortar JS root directory.

You can also view the documentation [online]().  This documentation was generated automatically using the js-doc blocks in the files.  For more extensive documentation and implementation examples, see the [demo](#demo).

## Demo
We've created a [playground](https://github.com/fuzz-productions/generator-mortar) with examples of all the components that are included with Mortar, how they are used, and what they do.

## Contributing
Contributions come in many forms: code, documentation, issues, etc.  We're


## Users
Mortar has been in development for about 5 months.  It started being developed internally at [Fuzz](http://www.fuzzproductions.com) for client work.  After the second project that leveraged Mortar for the Admin UI, it became clear that this could be a valudable resource to the opensource community.

Right now, Mortar is being used on 3 production sites, with more on the way.
